we have a problem we need to change the
way in which we manage water the way in
which we approach water it's not a
limitless resource this is a water
planet there's been the same amount of
water here for two billion years of all
the water on Earth only 3% is fresh
water and of that 2% of it is trapped in
ice in the atmosphere that leaves 1% of
water available for human use for all of
these for business for recreation for
health and drinking even for ecological
value population is growing we're
consuming more we're polluting more and
the systems that we have in place are
not very efficient they're also not
designed with future generations in mind
this dry lakebed used to be a viable
water resource and in the early 1900s
when the LA population was growing the
river that fed this lake was diverted to
support the growing population leaving
this a completely depleted resource
today there's a convergence of risk and
there's a convergence of opportunity and
while we talk about the global water
crisis the impacts are really felt
locally and regionally
so there's investable opportunities
everywhere for innovation and ingenuity
the way we look at the market is that
there's three different categories
there's water utilities there's water
infrastructure and there's water
technology companies right now it's a
five hundred billion dollar a year
global water industry over the next 25
years it's expected that spending on
water will be more than seaports
railroads roads and power combined
that's more than twenty trillion dollars
this is an opportunity for many
different types of companies from the
utility is providing fresh water to the
pump companies to the piping companies
with a billion people lacking access to
safe drinking water and two and a half
million without adequate sanitation
someone has to solve this problem
so what Calvert looks for is those
companies who understand there's a
business reason for solving this problem
most of the problems in the global water
industry are well known the biggest
problem is capital and access to capital
and willingness to spend to solve those
problems as an investor we have a role
in the distribution of that capital to
the right places at the right time
because it's not just about water
problems that water is integrally linked
to food supply to security and to health
even to education and development so
when we solve a water problem we deliver
other societal benefits
sustainable and responsible investing is
not about charity or philanthropy while
it does do good in the world it's a
serious business opportunity to solve
problems and create opportunity for
shareholders for communities our
investors meet Calvert
named Calvert the brand the research
stands for something and we have a point
of view of the world
well at Calvert we believe a company
that approaches sustainability as a
matter of legal compliance delivers
legal compliance but a company who
approaches sustainability as a matter of
strategy can drive innovation and if we
can help make the world a better place
at the same time it's a pretty good deal